hey everyone okay been here from
slashgear calm and today we're just
going to take a quick look at the new LG
optimus l9 which is available at
t-mobile for only 79 99 what you might
think it's you know it's going to be a
pretty crappy handset at that price but
actually I was surprised with how good
it is um let's just start out with the
outside here we have the volume buttons
on the left side of the device on the
bottom we've got micro USB for charging
and data transfer we also have the power
button on the right side and then we
have 3.5 millimeter headphone jack on
the front now there is an SD slot
microsd slot included in this but it is
inside the battery case the battery
cover so there we've got sim and then
we've got the removable battery I'm not
going to take it out right now because
the phones on but just know that if you
do want to remove the battery you can um
we've also got there we go we've also
got a 4.5 inch screen at qHD resolution
so no full HD but that's okay i like the
screen it's still sharp and colorful and
very bright actually and then we've also
got these two soft buttons down here for
menu and back and then we've got a
physical home button which I really like
and I think it makes the outline look
really good actually um on the inside
we've got a dual core texas instruments
omap 4430 processor running at just one
gigahertz I and that's working alongside
one gigabyte of RAM so it seems like you
don't have a lot of power but actually
moving through the home screens is nice
and fluid and oops the browsing but
actually well right here let's take a
look at gesture zooming which is where
we'll open this up and then we can hold
the Zoom button
no I don't think it one oh yeah well
it's not going to work on / gears mobile
site so anyway you would think that you
know that combination the processor in
the RAM wouldn't be very fast but
actually you know swiping through home
screens is fast and fluid as is the apps
menu I so you really won't know that you
don't have a lot of power under the hood
the only real problem is that it comes
with four gigabytes of internal storage
which goes down to about 1.6 gigabytes
after the OS and the pre-installed apps
are accounted for so you'll definitely
want to get a microSD card if you're
picking up the outline but yeah it's
it's a really good phone for 80 bucks
and I mean if you're looking for a
budget handset you really can't go wrong
with the online i don't think that the
internal memory is a little flat but at
least LG included a microSD slot so you
can expand on that if you want to but
other than that I have to say that I'm
pleased i'm surprised that the outline
isn't you know just a crappy phone that
we can just shrug off and say oh well
it's 80 bucks it's not that good it's
actually quite good for 80 bucks and it
even you know challenges some more
expensive phones in terms of performance
and in terms of looks i think it's a
really good looking phone but yeah check
out the full review over its live scare
calm and thanks for watching